In this final module,
we're going to be taking everything that we've learned and assembling it
all into creating a framework for our automated tests.
We've learned about Selenium and web driver,
and we're going to put all of that knowledge to use. One of the most
important things that you need to know how to do before you start
writing automated tests is how to build a good framework because this
is going to determine whether or not your automation efforts are
going to be successful.
This module is a compact module of the knowledge that you'll want
to acquire on building an automation framework.
We could easily spend months building a good framework,
but this is a good bootstrap to get you started and show you some working examples of how to create an automation framework of your own.